Victory Unintentional
by Isaac Asimov

The spaceship leaked, as the saying goes, like a sieve. It was supposed to. In fact, that was the whole idea. The
result, of course, was that during the journey from Ganymede to Jupiter, the ship was crammed just as full as it could
be with the very hardest space vacuum. And since the ship also lacked heating devices, this space vacuum was at normal
temperature, which is a fraction of a degree above absolute zero.
This, also, was according to plan. Little things like the absence of heat and air didn't annoy anyone at all on the
particular spaceship.
The first near vacuum wisps of Jovian atmosphere began percolating into the ship several thousand miles above the
Jovian surface. It was practically all hydrogen, though perhaps a careful gas analysis might have located a trace of
helium as well. The pressure gauges began creeping skyward.
That creep continued at an accelerating pace as the ship dropped downward in a Jupiter-circling spiral. The pointers of
successive gauges, each designed for progressively higher pressures, began to move until they reached the neighborhood
of a million or so atmospheres, where figures lost most of their meaning. The temperature, as recorded by thermocouples,
 rose slowly and erratically, and finally steadied at about seventy below zero, Centigrade.
The ship moved slowly toward the end, plowing its way heavily through a maze of gas molecules that crowded together so
closely that hydrogen itself was squeezed to the density of a liquid. Ammonia vapor, drawn from the incredibly vast
oceans of that liquid, saturated the horrible atmosphere. The wind, which had begun a thousand miles higher, had risen
to a pitch inadequately described as a hurricane.
It was quite plain long before the ship landed on a fairly large Jovian island, perhaps seven times the size of Asia,
that Jupiter was not a very pleasant world.
And yet the three members of the crew thought it was. They were quite convinced it was. But then, the three members of
the crew were not exactly human. And neither were they exactly Jovian.
They were simply robots, designed on Earth for Jupiter. ZZ Three said, "It appears to be a rather desolate place." ZZ
Two joined him and regarded the wind-blasted landscape somberly. "There are structures of some sort in the distance,"
he said, "which are obviously artificial. I suggest we wait for the inhabitants to come to us."
Across the room ZZ One listened, but made no reply. He was the first constructed of the three, and half experimental.
Consequently he spoke a little less frequently than his two companions.
The wait was not long. An air vessel of queer design swooped overhead. More followed. And then a line of ground
vehicles approached, took position, and disgorged organisms. Along with these organisms came various inanimate
accessories that might have been weapons. Some of these were borne by a single Jovian, some by several, and some
advanced under their own power, with Jovians perhaps inside.
The robots couldn't tell.